README.md, before:


Shimeji for Linux
=================
This is a fork of [Shimeji for Linux by asdfman](https://github.com/asdfman/linux-shimeji).

This is a work in progress.

Requirements
==============
- Java 11 (openjdk-11-jre-headless)

Building
==============
To build the project run `mvn clean install`

Running
==============
Execute `./launch.sh`.


Installing new shimeji
=========================
To install a new shimeji copy the shimeji folder in`~/.config/shimeji`.

Then edit the file `~/.config/shimeji/config.ini` with the name of the folder
```
[shimeji]
name = new_shimeji
language = ENG
```

Set language to ENG if the Shimeji xml uses english tags, JPN if it uses japanese tags.

To use the default shimeji set the configuration file to
```
[shimeji]
name = shimeji
language = JPN
```


License
==========
This project inherits the ZLIB/LIBPNG license of the original [program](http://www.group-finity.com/Shimeji). 
The included [Java Native Access](http://github.com/twall/jna) library is licensed under the LGPL. [The Mozilla Rhino Javascript Engine](http://www.mozilla.org/rhino)
is licensed under the Mozilla Public License.

Commit message:

Print created package and updated readme

README.md, after:


Shimeji for Linux
=================
This is a fork of [Shimeji for Linux by asdfman](https://github.com/asdfman/linux-shimeji).

This is a work in progress.

Requirements
==============
- Java 11 (openjdk-11-jre-headless)

Building
==============
To build the project run `mvn clean install`

Running
==============
Execute `./launch.sh`.


Installing new shimeji
=========================
To install a new shimeji copy the shimeji folder in`~/.config/shimeji`.

Then edit the file `~/.config/shimeji/config.ini` with the name of the folder
```
[shimeji]
name = new_shimeji
language = ENG
```

Set language to ENG if the Shimeji xml uses english tags, JPN if it uses japanese tags.

To use the default shimeji set the configuration file to
```
[shimeji]
name = shimeji
language = JPN
```


Building a package
==============
Run `./build.sh` to build a Debian/Ubuntu package.

The deb will install a Shimeji application under 'Accessory'.

To run from terminal use `shimeji-linux`.


License
==========
This project inherits the ZLIB/LIBPNG license of the original [program](http://www.group-finity.com/Shimeji). 
The included [Java Native Access](http://github.com/twall/jna) library is licensed under the LGPL. [The Mozilla Rhino Javascript Engine](http://www.mozilla.org/rhino)
is licensed under the Mozilla Public License.
